# Edx

Tell us about your current financial situation. Why do you need assistance? 
I am a working professional with more than 5 years of experience in the IT industry settled and based out of India. I am currently working as a software developer for a German-based company. I am requesting financial assistance because I currently have an outstanding education loan against my name which I have to pay for the next 2 years as well. I also have financial obligations towards my family since I have to take of my parents. Also due to the current COVID 19 situation, there is a significant pay cut in the salary which is impacting me. 200 US dollars would be a lot of money if converted from Indian currency in this situation and hence would like to request financial assistance. I have always been a meritorious student among the honor rolls and always made an effort to enhance my skills and learn new things. I am hoping that with this course I will achieve a new skill and I can use it to upgrade my current job. Lastly, I am fully committed to giving back to the open-source community like such once I have earned the required knowledge.  I would actively participate in the discussion forums and try to exchange knowledge. I am willing to pay for this course with some reduced amount as well as I hope that this course can be a game-changer for me.


Tell us about your learning or professional goals. How will a Verified Certificate in this course help you achieve these goals? 
I am a working professional with more than 5 years of experience in the IT industry settled and based out of India. I am currently working as a software developer for a German-based company. I am planning to write the CKAD certification in the coming months. This certification is provided by the CNCF foundation and is the standard for starting to work on the Kubernetes engine. Getting a validated certificate from this course will allow me to take further the certification with more confidence with hopes of clearing it in the first attempt. Professionally this will help in the advancement of my career as I can add the skills associated with Cloud Native to my existing job profile. This will also help advance my career in learning a new and upcoming technology that is widely being adopted around the globe. I am also planning to become an active member of the open-source foundation and help in the exchange of knowledge where my skills can be leveraged. I want to learn and work on something challenging as well as relevant to my job profile as well. I think that way this course is the perfect combination for me because that way I will be able to leverage my interests with professional ones and build a more meaningful career. I am hoping it will bring a positive change.

Tell us about your plans for this course. What steps will you take to help you complete the course work and receive a certificate? 
I am a working professional with more than 5 years of experience in the IT industry settled and based out of India. I am currently working as a software developer for a German-based company. I have commitments towards my work and I am planning to complete the tutorials/contents of this course after I have completed my day to day office or to complete the tutorials/content over the weekends. This course is highly aligned with my career aspirations as well as something which I would like to learn. This is the most widely accepted upcoming technology which is accepted around the globe. A verified certificate will help me to further take the CKAD certification which will be a tremendous boost for my career. I also intend to use the discussion forum for imparting as well as gaining knowledge of this course. I am willing to be an active contributor once I am done with my certification later. I will submit the assignments before their due dates and make sure I am not lacking behind in completing the tasks for a particular week. I will also make sure to follow up with other students in the discussion forums for the exchange of ideas. Lastly, I will point out that I am willing to put in the extra efforts and time even after my office working hours since I hope to learn about the Kubernetes engine in much more detail.
